{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 \nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}\fs24\f2{\pard \b\qc\f0\fs30 SYSTEM IDENTIFICATION TAKE HOME EXAM \par}\par \qc  {\b December 2024 \par}       \par \qj \line {\b Student ID: 153497}\line{\pard \brdrb \brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 {\fs4\~}\par \pard}{\par \b General information} \par - You may generate as many data sets you like. However, only one data set for each question must be delivered.\line - You may freely take any unspecified choice (e.g., how many samples to use for estimation and validation).\line - You may answer questions in the order that you prefer.{\par \line \b A-priori knowledge}\par - The sampling time is Ts=2 seconds.\line - The input saturation threshold is M=350.\line - Signals e(t) and n(t) are zero-mean independent Gaussian white noises.\line - The transfer function R(z) has one pole and no zeros.\line - The feedback gain is k=1.3.{\par\line \b Question #1}\par Estimate the steady-state gain of G(z).{\par\line \b Question #2}\par Identify the best ARX model for the system S according to the MDL criterion (set the maximum order of each polynomial to 5).\line - Report the structure of the identified model and perform the residual correlation analysis.\line - Compare the true output with that obtained by the 10-step ahead prediction of the identified model.\line - Comment the obtained results.{\par\line \b Question #3}\par Test several model structures and find the most suitable model for G(z) and H(z).\line - Report the chosen model structure, the transfer functions G(z) and H(z), and the 5-step ahead FIT of the chosen model.\line - Motivate your choice according to the validation techniques studied in the course.\line - Estimate the variance of the disturbance e(t) for the chosen model.{\par\line \b Question #4}\par Identify the most suitable model for P(z) and report the values of its parameters.\line - Estimate the pole of R(z).}